# List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with two to five sentences.
## 1. Variable Declaration: When learning Variable Declaration, I learnt the different types of declaring a variable in javascript. I realized that declaring a variable in Javascript is actually very different than in C++. Declaring a variable has three different choices for keywords, those being: "var", "const", and "let". I have the different from the languages very interesting, because in Javascript, the variable type does not matter as much in C++. For example, regardless of a number being declared with a, var/const/let, it will still be a viable variable for both equations, and console logging. 
## 2. Data Types: Like mentioned before, Javascript is not as strict with the data type of declared variables. When learning this lesson, I also learnt that Javascript has both similar and different data types than in C++. Aside from having the normal data types like: string, numbers, boolean, and characters. This lesson also introduced me to other data types present in Javascript such like, undefined, null, and NaN. 
## 3. Control Structures: Similarly to C++, Javascript also has implemented control structures. Similarly (again), Javascript has if statements and switch statements. A control statement is called a "control" statement, because it controls a set of instructions/statements through the use of a condition. It basically decides which set of instructions to do, by varying the said condition, to "control" the code.
## 4. Loop Structures: Just like in C++ (again), Javascript includes Loop Structures, with the basic structures: While, Do While, and For (personal favorite, will use always). The Loop Strucutre, personally is the most pinaka-backbone structure-type that I learnt. It basically gives you the ability to reiterate a code, with following a set condition. Limitationsof the Loop Strucutre, is that a every loop structure must include some type of code that ceases the condition, to prevent the code to stop running forever.
## 5. Functions: Just like Loop Structures, Functions allow a set of code to be reiterated/ran again. The main benefit of using a Function, from a Loop Structure, is that a function must/can be called any time, anywhere in the code. Another main benefit of using functions, is the use of parameters/"passed on variables" to the functions. For example, we can use the same equations, but pass on different variables, to return different results. 

# List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed. 
## I believe I am quite well-versed in the current topics of CS3, therefore I don't require much practice in a lot of the topics. But notably, I find that I can improve way more in terms of using functions.

# Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items.
## One of the things I can do to help myself improve in CS3 is to engage more during class time. Redirecting my focus to the discussion will allow me to absorb more information, and possibly understand the concepts that I may have missed. Another way to imrpove in CS3, is to keep on practicing by answering coding tasks, found online or made by AI. I myself do this to help deepen my understand, and enrich my coding vocabulary.

# In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?
## One of the many effectives that were effective in class, was the speed tests. Not only did this force me to double think and triple think my answers when coding fast, it also provided me with ample enough bonus points to boost my grade futher. I do not think that there are any non-effective tasks done in CS3, because I truly did all of them with the best of my abilities, and therefore learnt (hopefully) to my max.